CURRENT VERSION:

Name:           QtBiosUpdate
Version:        it's still a concept at the moment
Date:           Sat, Mar 28 2009
Authors:        Dario Freddi (aka drf_), Callea Gaetano Andrea (aka cga)
Contributors:
Languages:      C++
Location:       http://github.com/cga/qtbiosupdate/tree/master

NOTE: See VERSION_HISTORY for info on Version History and TODO

LICENCE:

This program is Free Software, it's licensed under the GPLv3 and has ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY
you can find and read the complete version of the GPLv3 @ http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html

NOTE: A LICENCE file containing a verbatim copy of the GPLv3 is included in this package.

FAQ:

Q: what does this application do?
A: this application updates the BIOS of any computer that can use libsmbios to do that.
   
Q: which tools does it use?
A: It uses official DELL tools included in package "libsmbios" available for most distros.
   http://linux.dell.com/libsmbios/main/index.html

Q: why did you write this application??
A: isn't it cool to have a single application to update the BIOS on any Linux? ;)
   (and in the future for any vendor as long as they provide an equivalent to DELL's "dellBiosUpdate")

Q: why do i have to run this application as root?
A: because updating the BIOS requires root privileges since libsmbios has to be run as root.

Q: can i use this application to check if new BIOS Versions are availble?
A: yes you will ;)

Q: how do i do that??
A: just run the application and see if the selection has a new version, else quit.

Q: can i help somewhow??
A: yes indeed. help and ideas are welcome =)

Q: great!! can i contact you??
A: for any suggestions and contributions contact cga @ callea.gaetano.andrea@gmail.com

Q: can i reuse the application to make my own??
A: hey this is Free Software!! you can do whatever the licence i chose allows you to.
   AS LONG AS YOU RESPECT THE LICENCE ITSELF of course ;)

Q: do you have any plans for the future of this application???
A: We plan of doing a proper application usable for other vendors other than DELL too.
   to do this we are planning to make it modular since libsmbios works for any HDR BIOS.
   the vendors might code something like dellBiosUpdate (DELL's tool) and we can add it
   in order to use it for any vendors' computer.

Q: why use Qt 4?
A: well because Qt 4 is cross platform and desktop agnostic.
   so it will be portable across Linux, OS X and Windows.

Q: can i join "QtBiosUpdate" development??
A: there's no development at the moment, we're still planning.
   and since i can't code C++ and Qt yet and the dev has now time right now
   you are more than welcome to join even at this early stage.
